I can't prove myself.
You can only eat one mute.
What are you eating?
General Manager Yu doesn't have to ask you to come to the Crown Hotel to be Director Huang's interpreter.
Why haven't you gone yet?
It's done, my phone is off.
Too busy to see the message.
Are you late?
Master, are you sure you're not busy?
Please.
Take me to the Crown Hotel.
Not for example.
General Manager Gu thank you
General Manager Gu thank you.
Director Wang
What's going on?
It's 20 minutes late.
Excuse me.
The esophagus fined itself three glasses.
I can't drink.
Or I'll have tea instead of wine.
What are you doing?
Disappointed
This is a reward worth tens of millions.
Come and give General Manager Wang a drink.
Take a look at our story.
Last time, the CEO tried to cancel hundreds of millions of deals.
Forget it.